Clarify IC5 reporting structure (#2505)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/departments/product-engineering/engineering/career-development/ic5/index.md

- [Code Intelligence - Platform](./code-intelligence-platform.md)
- [Search Core](./search-core.md)
- [Search Product](./search-product.md)

## Reporting structure

> The nature of some IC5 roles may impact their reporting structure. For instance, an IC5 dedicated to problem-solving at the org level, who frequently navigates between teams, may report to the org's Director rather than to an Engineering Manager. Conversely, IC5s focused on with a deep technical problem area will still report to the Engineering Manager of the owning team for said problem area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nature of some IC5 roles may impact their reporting structure. For instance, an IC5 dedicated to problem-solving at the org level, who frequently navigates between teams, may report to the org's Director rather than to an Engineering Manager. Conversely, IC5s focused on a deeply technical problem area will still report to the Engineering Manager of the owning team for the said problem area.
```

Author: Good catch! Slight edit of your edit to fix all the things :)

```suggestion
The nature of some IC5 roles may impact their reporting structure. For instance, an IC5 dedicated to problem-solving at the org level, who frequently navigates between teams, may report to the org's Director rather than to an Engineering Manager. Conversely, IC5s focused on a deeply technical problem area will still report to the Engineering Manager of the owning team for the problem area.
```
